# mood-ring
I have chosen the main focus of Art through data visualisation as it is something I’m interested in learning how to code, as through this course I want to learn how programming languages can be transformed into interactive images which can be coded programming language,java through the application ‘processing’. 

According to a Portland based aura photographer, Christina Lonsdale “As human beings, we radiate a very low level of electricity that’s otherwise known as an electromagnetic field.” Through Auras we can see the energy of a person is expressed in seven layers. Each layer is said to correlate to a different element of your physical, mental, spiritual, and emotional health depicted through one of the colours mentioned before. It’s thought that these layers can interact with one another to influence your overall health. As of course this will not be 100% accurate it is a fun way to see what your unique “energy” is and find out what it means and the interactive nature and individual outcome makes it an interesting experience to share with friends and family. This project derives from real life places that exist called aura photography studios where customers can sit and get a picture taken and wait for your aura to be physically developed, which is why a quick and easy virtual way to do it will be much more accessible for eager users and to share across social media. 

 The project is called “Mood Ring” which has developed into an interactive game that allows users to answer a series of yes or no questions to determine their Aura! An Aura Is someone’s energy, personality, mood or demeaner depicted by colour with each colour synonymous with specific personality traits that are unique to each individual. Through this, I have created eight different auras that correspond to different questions to create a unique user experience for each participant.
